Aida 761 (#192)
NextCenturyCorporation/AIDA-Interchange-Format: infrastructure/README.md

# AIDA Interchange Format Infrastructure

## CloudFormation

The AIDA Interchange Format project supports creating the AIDA validation environment on AWS via CloudFormation scripts. Read below on how to validate, create, and delete the various stacks necessary to execute AIDA validations. 

> ### Validation

Reviewer: How about including something about installing the AWS CLI (with link to [its instructions](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/cli-chap-install.html))?  It could be a new section called `Prerequisites`, or could just be included in this section.

```

If the outputs are displayed after running the `validate-template` command, then everything was successfully validated. 

### Creating Network Stack

You must create the network stack before you create the batch stack. To create the AIDA Validation network stack run the following command:

```bash
$ aws cloudformation create-stack --stack-name aida-validation-network-stack --template-body file://aida-validation-network-cf-template.json
```

### Creating Batch Stack

To create the AIDA Validation batch stack run the following command:

```bash
$ aws cloudformation create-stack --stack-name aida-validation-batch-stack --template-body file://aida-validation-batch-cf-template.json --capabilities CAPABILITY_IAM
```

### Deleting a Stack

To delete the AIDA Validation network and batch stacks, run the following commands in this order:

```bash
$ aws cloudformation delete-stack --stack-name aida-validation-batch-stack
$ aws cloudformation delete-stack --stack-name aida-validation-network-stack
```

*Note: When deleting the aida-validation-network-stack, the NAT gateway will take some time to delete completely.*

> ### Checking Stack Status

Reviewer: What do you think of moving `Checking Stack Status` before `Deleting a Stack`, so that it's sort of chronological.

To check the status of a stack that was submitted for creation or deletion, run the following command replacing <stack name> with the name of the stack that you are checking:

```bash
$ aws cloudformation describe-stacks --stack-name <stack name>
```

### CloudFormation Documentation

Read more about the different commands available to CloudFormation via the AWS CLI here: 

> https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/reference/cloudformation/index.html

Reviewer: Make this a hyperlink.

> # AIDA Interchange Format Infrastructure

Reviewer: I think this could be either AIDA Validation Infrastructure, or AIF Validation Infrastructure.  But the important thing is that it's a validation infrastructure.

Author: Yea i'll change it to AIDA Validation Infrastructure.

## CloudFormation

> The AIDA Interchange Format project supports creating the AIDA validation environment on AWS via CloudFormation scripts. Read below on how to validate, create, and delete the various stacks necessary to execute AIDA validations. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The AIDA project supports creating the AIDA validation environment on AWS via CloudFormation scripts, or via the AWS Console. Read below how to validate, create, and delete the various stacks necessary to execute AIDA validations. 
```

Author: Updated.
